What is ECAMAScript? javascript? Nodejs? Bun?

ECAMAScript - The Specification
              is a scripting lang specification on which javascript is based.
              specification - means documentation of js stds like how the js compiler should work. 
              it serves as a guideline of the 'rules' for scripting lang design
              ECMA international manages this.
              Versions - ES5, ES6/ES2015, ES2017, etc

Javascript - the Implementation 
            is the scripting lang that confronts to ECAMAScript specs. 
            js also includes extra stuff beyond ECAMAScript like DOM
            
js compilers - chromes V8             -  C++
               firefox's Spidermonkey -  C++ + Rust
 
at first js was only for browsers. 

Nodejs - V8 engine + some backend things
        it is a runtime env - somthing that can run js, compile js and some stuff

Bun - yeah, a runtime for js - competitor for Nodejs. outperforms 
      written in Zig

What can we do with NodeJS?- create CLIs, create a video player, game,
                             CREATE A SERVER.

HTTP - a protocol that for machines to communicate, specifically for websites - frontend to backend
What is an HTTP server?: some code that follows HTTP - the thing that is ran and does the logic 

client throws/reqs something at server, server does something and responds a response

Things client needs to woory about : Protocol
                                     Address (URL/Ports)
                                     Route
                                     Headers, body, query params
                                     Method

Things server needs to worry about : Response (headers and body)
                                     Status codes

(
    What happens when you send a req to google.com?
        Browser parses URL, does a DNS lookup(URL to IP), establishes a connection with that IP,
        req body as acted upon at server, sends response, frontend acts on it. we see on the UI.
)

Express - a library for NodeJS - helps us create Nodejs servers

syntax - app.method('route', 'handler fxn -> (do something and send back res.)')

rest API  - means explicitely exposed to be used outside of a browser

sometimes 
const port = process.env.PORT || 3000
        lets you access environment variable 

The body-parser module enables us to parse incoming request bodies in a middleware. 
Express server needs to know what type of data you're sending over the network. 

npm - node package manager - lets you bring/install/manage packages that are not on your machine
npx - node package executable? - lets you just use the package instantly, without needing to install it. like you can do nox nodemon index.js
                                 immediately execute on terminal
What is a thread? - it can do some task.
so single threaded - one thing at a time
   multi-threaded - many things at a time
  
Servers(more specifically HTTP) lets us expose our logic(our code) to the world.
How do i create HTTP server? - we can write it in any lang
                               Javascript - NodeJS(Express, nextjs), Bun
                             
