Why middlewares?
    usually for prechecks : authentication, input validation

In express, there are actually 3 args for the callback fxns of the app.method(). - req, res, and next - 
                                                                                         next fxn/middleware to call.

And, we can add multiple callback fxns in app.method().
`app.get("/path", m1, m2, (req, res)=>{})`
But where does the control react when the url hits? - first. Then second. then third ....

YOU CAN'T CALL res.json TWICE. (coz you cant give response to a http request twice obvio!)

res.send() - sending text
res.json() - sending json.

app.use() - Usually takes a midddleware as input.
            This use means this middleware will be called everywhere.
            
Input validation - why? - anyone can hit our backend, so for safety. Client shouldnt see anything of backend (by reading exception/error). Need to handle it.
                   How? - global catches - its jussa middleware that we put   the end of our callback fxn.
                   helps you give the user a better error msg
                   `app.use(catcheFunction(err, req, res, next))`
                   Remember : express.json at the start and global catches at the end
                   Global Catches - Error handling middlewares
                                    4 args. Express recognizes it as an error-handling middleware coz of these 4 args.

Zod - Input Validation Library https://zod.dev/
      TypeScript-first schema validation with static type inference
      Zod can be used independent of express. Its justa a validation library that lets you validate input givena schema.
      `first install it then create a instance of it and then can use fxns like z.fsafeParse()`
      Coercion for primitives : to force someone to do something.

Authentication - Give the user back a token on signup, ask him to send back the token in all future reqs, amd when logs out, ask him to forget the token.
                 why not store the email&pass only in the browser? - coz the localstorage is very public.            
